README.md, before:

# AppMgr Example

A UI App example

## Getting Started

Check out the source files and build the project using
```
qmake
make
```

This sample UI demonstrates various Qt features:
* Mouse/key event handling
* Signal/Slot signalling
* State changes
* Dynamic loading (qrc:/)
* Dynamic contents generation based on data (Json file with mock-up EPG data)
* Transitioning
* Animations
* UI Navigation (swipe, mouse, keyboard)
* C++/Qml integration

### Prerequisites

```
Qt 5.9.x
```

## Missing items and next steps in this project

This project was put together quickly to demonstrate some of Qt's capabilities. The following items will be implemented next:
1. Complete the App Store UI and Settings screen. Add signals and slots to handle changes
2. Organize the UI classes (subfolders for /EPG, /AppStore, etc)
3. Add/complete the AppMgr capabilities in order to:
  3a. Display a Splash screen
  3b. Load core and UI services (systemd)
  3c. Load other (external) UI components (i.e., Log-In screen or terms & conditions)
  3d. Add IPC messaging using D-Bus (Json mesages)
4. Dynamically load EPG Data and create EPG Grid Layout
5. Add proper comments and documentation so Doxygen can be used to generate a reference guide
6. Add Unit Tests to cover the Controller code (C++)
7. Add End-to-end (E2E) tests to cover the UI (using WebDriver)
8. Add (cross-compile) embedded Linux build and add a recipe to include this project (Yocto)

## Running the tests

Unit and E2E Tests are required

## Deployment

A cross-compile script will be added

## Built With

* [Yocto](https://www.yoctoproject.org/) - Yocto bitbake used to cross-compile
* [Qt/QtCreator](https://www.qt.io/qt-features-libraries-apis-tools-and-ide/) - QtCreator and tools

## Contributing

Contributions are not currently accepted.

## Versioning

We use [Git tagging](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Tagging) for versioning. 

## Authors

* **Olaf Pernitt** - *Initial work* - [email](mailto:olaf@pernitt.com)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* The Qt Company

Commit message:

Added EPG Guide functionality using a mock Json file

README.md, after:

# AppMgr Example

A UI App example

## Getting Started

Check out the source files and build the project using
```
qmake
make
```

This sample UI demonstrates various Qt features:
* Mouse/key event handling
* Signal/Slot signalling
* State changes
* Dynamic loading (qrc:/)
* Dynamic contents generation based on data (Json file with mock-up EPG data)
* Transitioning
* Animations
* UI Navigation (swipe, mouse, keyboard)
* C++/Qml integration

### Prerequisites

```
Qt 5.9.x
```

## Navigating the Sample App

From the main screen, Settings can be opened with a Swipe. The Menu can be opened with the SPACE bar.
Using a mouse on the Menu, a few items are available: EPG, AppStore and Settings.
In the EPG Guide, mock data is displayed for a few TV stations. An item can be clicked to display details.
To close the details view, it can be clicked with the mouse.
The current screen (EPG or AppStore) can be closed using the BACK key, or by selecting another Menu option.

## Missing items and next steps in this project

This project was put together quickly to demonstrate some of Qt's capabilities. The following items will be implemented next:
1. Complete the App Store UI and Settings screen. Add signals and slots to handle changes
2. Organize the UI classes (subfolders for /EPG, /AppStore, etc)
3. Add/complete the AppMgr capabilities in order to:
  3a. Display a Splash screen
  3b. Load core and UI services (systemd)
  3c. Load other (external) UI components (i.e., Log-In screen or terms & conditions)
  3d. Add IPC messaging using D-Bus (Json mesages)
4. Add proper comments and documentation so Doxygen can be used to generate a reference guide
5. Add Unit Tests to cover the Controller code (C++)
6. Add End-to-end (E2E) tests to cover the UI (using WebDriver)
7. Add (cross-compile) embedded Linux build and add a recipe to include this project (Yocto)

## Running the tests

Unit and E2E Tests are required

## Deployment

A cross-compile script will be added

## Built With

* [Yocto](https://www.yoctoproject.org/) - Yocto bitbake used to cross-compile
* [Qt/QtCreator](https://www.qt.io/qt-features-libraries-apis-tools-and-ide/) - QtCreator and tools

## Contributing

Contributions are not currently accepted.

## Versioning

We use [Git tagging](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Tagging) for versioning. 

## Authors

* **Olaf Pernitt** - *Initial work* - [email](mailto:olaf@pernitt.com)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* The Qt Company
